Introduce customization documentation (#291)
SUSE/elemental: docs/image-customization.md

* Access to SUSE's internal VPN (as of this moment, our component images are not publicly available).
* A server or virtual machine running Tumbleweed, Leap 16.0, Leap Micro 6.2, SLES 16 or SUSE Linux Micro 6.2, with a minimum x86_64-v2 instruction set.
* Some other packages can also be needed if you want to compile the binaries yourself: `git-core go make mtools squashfs xorriso`.

### Linux only image

#### Use case

A user wants to customize and produce a RAW image that is based on a specific `Core Platform` version.

Additionally, the user wants to configure the image’s network and extend the environment with a custom systemd service tailored to their specific use case.

#### Configuration directory setup

The user creates a [configuration directory](../examples/elemental/customize/linux-only/) that describes the desired configurations that needs to be applied over the desired `Core Platform` release.

The contents of this directory include:

* [install.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/linux-only/install.yaml) - specifies which `bootloader` and `kernel command line` arguments to use during the OS installation process and define the actual `disk size` of the image.

> * [butane.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/linux-only/butane.yaml) - specifies a [butane](https://coreos.github.io/butane/) configuration that describes the user that will be used for to login, as well as the custom systemd service that is required by the example use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [butane.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/linux-only/butane.yaml) - specifies a [butane](https://coreos.github.io/butane/) configuration that describes the user that will be created and used for login, as well as the custom systemd service that is required by the example use case.
```

   ```shell
   cat /etc/hostname
   ```

1. Verify the disk size of the machine:

   ```shell
   df -Th
   ```

1. Verify that the custom systemd service has been executed:

   ```shell
   journalctl -u example.service
   ```

### Single-node Kubernetes cluster

#### Use case

A consumer has created a release manifest for their product that extends a specific `Core Platform` version with additional components, namely `Rancher` and `cert-manager`.

A user wants to customize and produce a RAW image that will be running an operating system, Kubernetes distribution and Rancher version that are supported by the aforementioned consumer product.

Furthermore, using this image, the user wants to setup a single-node Kubernetes cluster that will be extended with the `NeuVector` Helm chart along with a specific set of Kubernetes manifests that will enable access to the Rancher UI.

#### Configuration directory setup

The user creates a [configuration directory](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/) that describes the desired configurations that needs to be applied over the desired `Product` release.

The contents of this directory include:

> * [install.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/install.yaml) - specifies which `bootloader` and `kernel command line` arguments to use during the OS installation process and define the actual `disk size` of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [install.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/install.yaml) - specifies which `bootloader` and `kernel command line` arguments to apply during the OS installation process and defines the actual `disk size` of the image.
```

* [release.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/release.yaml) - specifies the reference to the desired product. From this product release, enable the desired Kubernetes distribution, as well as `Rancher` and `MetalLB`.
* [suse-product-manifest.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/suse-product-manifest.yaml) - example for a `Product` release manifest that the user has referred in the `release.yaml` configuration file.
* [rancher.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/kubernetes/helm/values/rancher.yaml) - custom values for the `Rancher` Helm chart that the user has enabled from the `Product` release manifest.
* [ip-pool.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/kubernetes/manifests/ip-pool.yaml) - local manifest to apply to the cluster and have the enabled `MetalLB` component setup an `IPAddressPool`.
* [l2-adv.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/kubernetes/manifests/l2-adv.yaml) - local manifest to apply to the cluster and have the enabled `MetalLB` component setup a `L2Advertisement`.

> * [rke2-ingress-config.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/kubernetes/manifests/rke2-ingress-config.yaml) - local manifest that will edit the existing `rke2-ingress-nginx` Helm chart and will enable its service to be of type `LoadBalancer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kubernetes/manifests/rke2-ingress-config.yaml](../examples/elemental/customize/single-node/kubernetes/manifests/rke2-ingress-config.yaml) - local manifest that will edit the existing `rke2-ingress-nginx` Helm chart and will enable its service to be of type `LoadBalancer`.
```

      # Example output
      NAME                            TYPE           CLUSTER-IP     EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)                      AGE
      rke2-ingress-nginx-controller   LoadBalancer   10.43.117.57   192.168.76.15   80:30594/TCP,443:32133/TCP   42m
      ```

### Multi-node Kubernetes cluster

#### Use case

A consumer has created a release manifest for their product that extends a specific `Core Platform` version with additional components, namely `Rancher` and `cert-manager`.

A user wants to customize and produce a RAW image that will be running an operating system, Kubernetes distribution and Rancher version that are supported by the aforementioned consumer product.

Furthermore, using this image, the user wants to setup a multi-node Kubernetes cluster that will be extended with the `NeuVector` Helm chart along with a specific set of Kubernetes manifests that will enable access to the Rancher UI.

#### Configuration directory setup

The user creates a [configuration directory](../examples/elemental/customize/multi-node/) that describes the desired configurations that needs to be applied over the desired `Product` release.

> The contents of the directory are the same as the contents for a [singel-node Kubernetes setup](#configuration-directory-setup-1), with the following additions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of the directory are the same as the contents for a [single-node Kubernetes setup](#configuration-directory-setup-1), with the following additions:
```
